Clarify terminology across specification (#89)
zarr-developers/geozarr-spec: standard/template/sections/clause_4_terms_and_definitions.adoc

An index axis along which arrays are organised. Dimensions provide a naming and ordering scheme for accessing data in multidimensional arrays (e.g., `time`, `x`, `y`, `band`).

==== dataset

> A group that contains one or more data variables along with their associated coordinate variables, having a consistent relationship between these components. A dataset represents a coherent set of related data arrays and follows the unified data model.

Reviewer: can we use Unified Data Model in capitals wherever it is formal reference to the clause 7 definition?

Reviewer: does it say what the group is first? group is probably still a container for datasets that can be nested.

Author: capitals solved

An affine transformation used to convert between grid coordinates and geospatial coordinates, typically defined using the GDAL GeoTransform convention.

==== Unified Data Model (UDM)

> A conceptual model that defines how to structure geospatial data in Zarr using CDM-based constructs, including support for coordinate referencing, metadata integration, and multiscale representations. The Unified Data Model provides a standardized framework for expressing spatial relationships, coordinate systems, and scientific metadata.

Reviewer 2: I believe the current definition is not ideal, since an abstract model should not be defined for a specific format. Instead, it should stand independently and be applicable across formats, with Zarr being one possible encoding of that model (as for CDM, CF abstract model, UDM, etc.)

```suggestion
A conceptual model for structuring geospatial data using CDM-based constructs. It enables consistent representation of coordinate referencing, metadata integration, and multiscale data. The Unified Data Model provides a standard framework for describing spatial relationships, coordinate systems, and scientific metadata, which can then be encoded in formats such as Zarr.
```
